Last year I was diagnosed with an aggressive cancer, which requires a more specialized diagnosis in order to proceed with the treatment. I contacted the EPS and they told me that the appointment with the specialist that I require could be provided to me in 4 months. I have tried to press and talk to get it closer due to the importance of this, however, it has been impossible and they have not been able to collaborate more. 

I have been very ill with heart disease, so I have to take very expensive pills that I cannot afford. I have tried everything I can to get them authorized, but they won't give them to me even though the doctor says they are necessary for my life. if they don't give them to me I will probably die.

I have a kidney problem that requires weekly dialysis, I live in a place where there are no machines to do this procedure. the eps authorized me for dialysis, but I do not have the money to travel to the capital city, even though I have asked them for a transportation subsidy, they do not tell me anything about it.

My father is an older adult with dementia problems, so he must use 3 diapers a day. i have no money to buy them since i am a service employee and what i earn is barely enough for food and rent. i have asked the eps for the diapers, but they have denied them on multiple occasions.

My son has a very serious mental disorder, they send him to the psychologist and he says that he needs a specialist who is not available in the hospital in the municipality and they send him to another city that is very far away. I told them that I could cover the transportation costs, but the treatment can last for weeks and I don't have the means to be in that city, I have applied for a housing subsidy and they tell me that they can't do it.

I have reduced mobility and every time I go to the appointment it is an ordeal at the Ips offices, whenever I arrive at the place they have to carry me between 3 people to enter the health center. I filed a complaint so that they take into account people with my condition and it has been more than 3 months and they do nothing.

I have to see a doctor because of my vision problems, I can see less and less and the eps tells me that the specialist's agenda is busy until next year. I am very worried that I could go blind before seeing the specialist, so I asked for a priority appointment. 3 weeks have passed and I have not received an answer.

my baby was born prematurely and requires an incubator to strengthen his lungs. i live in a remote part of Colombia where there are no pediatric specialists, and although my baby's health is getting worse we cannot take him because we are farmers and do not have the money for it. we asked the eps for a proper ambulance that can take him, but they offer normal ambulances that do not have the necessary equipment.

I had an accident at home and they had to put a plate in my leg to restore my mobility. Despite this, I have not been able to recover because it requires therapies that the eps refuses to provide because they do not have specialists in the area. the doctor told me that if I do not get the therapies soon I run the risk of losing my mobility permanently.

I have been asking for more than 1 month for an appointment with a specialist who can check my skin because I have been getting very strange spots. the eps tells me that I cannot access that specialist because it is not included in my health plan, and the general practitioner says that they are just sun spots. A third specialist told me it could be skin cancer, but I don't have the money to pay for the external service. 

I have been taking pills for 5 years due to my HIV diagnosis, the eps was giving them to me normally, but they closed it 2 months ago and changed me to another eps. Despite the fact that I need those pills to lead a normal life, my new eps refuses to give me the pills with the excuse that they don't have to do it because of the change of eps.

I have been very sick in my lungs as a result of COVID, so a specialist suggested therapies to improve my breathing. In spite of being affiliated to my eps and paying on time, I call and they do not give me an answer about the therapies, they tell me that the doctor is on vacation and they cannot schedule them. I am afraid that I will not be able to recover from the sequels due to the delay.

My 5 year old son has a gene problem that prevents him from developing muscles. Even though his quality of life is deteriorating and his muscles are being damaged, the eps says that the treatment is very expensive and that our health plan does not cover it. The doctor says that, if left untreated, my son could lose all mobility in 2 years.
I was diagnosed with a very aggressive type of Cancer 1 year ago that I had treated with chemotherapy and medications. The doctor told me that given the progress of the treatment a surgery could completely remove the tumor so he scheduled a surgery that has already been postponed 3 times because it does not 

